Welcome back. In this lesson, we will install the MCP plugins for x64dbg.
I assume you already have x64dbg installed. If you haven't, then just go ahead and install it first.
Then, continue with this lesson.
Now, we will install the MCP server for x64dbg.
Go to this GitHub. You can just google for Agent Smithers MCP server.
Then, click on the releases link.
Download both ZIP files and unzip them.
On the left is the location of the releases folder for the installed x64dbg on my PC.
Just look for it on your PC.
On the right are the unzipped files you downloaded.
On the left, open the plugins folder for x32.
If the plugins folder does not exist, you may create it.
On the right, open the x32dbg x86 subfolders until you see all the plugin files.
Then, copy all the files to the plugins folder on the left.
Now, repeat the same thing for the 64-bit version.
On the left, open the plugin folder for x64.
If there is none, just create it.
On the right, open the x64dbg x64 subfolders until you see all the plugin files.
Then, just copy and paste it into the plugins folder on the left.
Right-click on X32DBG and run as administrator.
Click on the Log tab and check to confirm that MCP server is listening on port 50300.
If it fails to start on port 50300, it could be because another process is already running on that port.
If your MCP server fails to start because of port 50300 conflicts,
Just follow the instructions on this page to solve the problem.
To confirm that MCP server has started, open the CMD line terminal and type the
netstat find string command as shown here. You should see port 50300 is in a listening state.
Do the same thing for x64 dbg, right click and run as administrator.
Similarly, click on the log tab and check to make sure MCP server is listening on port 50300
and also repeat the netstat find string command in the CMD line terminal
Next, download the practice crackme zip file from the resource section for this lesson
The unzip password is www.crackinglessons.net
We will be using these crackmes to test OpenClaw in later lessons in this course
That's all for this video.
Thank you for watching.